README.md, before:

# python-data247

An API client for [Data 24-7](https://www.data24-7.com/).


## Install

To install the library, you can use
[pip](http://www.pip-installer.org/en/latest/).

```bash
$ pip install data247
```


## Usage

Essentially all you need to do is create a `Data247` client object--this holds
your account credentials and also specifies which data you're requesting.

You can then make queries using the `get` method, passing in the search term.

```python
>>> from data247 import Data247, IP
>>>
>>> client = Data247('myusername', 'mypassword', IP)
>>> client.get('174.134.29.20')
{
    u'city': u'Bakersfield',
    u'areacode': u'661',
    u'country': u'US',
    u'dst': u'1',
    u'zipcode': u'93312',
    u'longitude': u'-119.227203',
    u'state': u'CA',
    u'cost': u'0.0030',
    u'billable': u'1',
    u'latitude': u'35.383202',
    u'timezone': u'-8',
    u'ip_address': u'174.134.29.20'
}
```


## Changelog

v0.3: 12-14-2012

    - Making `get` method return `{}` on error.

v0.2: 12-14-2012

    - Adding support for extra data fields.

v0.1: 11-27-2012

    - First release!

Commit message:

Preparing release 0.4!
This release upgrades python-requests, and patches the codebase to work with its
new backwards-incompatible changes.

README.md, after:

# python-data247

An API client for [Data 24-7](https://www.data24-7.com/).


## Install

To install the library, you can use
[pip](http://www.pip-installer.org/en/latest/).

```bash
$ pip install data247
```


## Usage

Essentially all you need to do is create a `Data247` client object--this holds
your account credentials and also specifies which data you're requesting.

You can then make queries using the `get` method, passing in the search term.

```python
>>> from data247 import Data247, IP
>>>
>>> client = Data247('myusername', 'mypassword', IP)
>>> client.get('174.134.29.20')
{
    u'city': u'Bakersfield',
    u'areacode': u'661',
    u'country': u'US',
    u'dst': u'1',
    u'zipcode': u'93312',
    u'longitude': u'-119.227203',
    u'state': u'CA',
    u'cost': u'0.0030',
    u'billable': u'1',
    u'latitude': u'35.383202',
    u'timezone': u'-8',
    u'ip_address': u'174.134.29.20'
}
```


## Changelog

v0.4: 12-17-2012

    - Updating dependencies for python-requests.
    - Updating codebase to make use of requests 1.0+ (this release introduced
      backwards-incompatible changes).

v0.3: 12-14-2012

    - Making `get` method return `{}` on error.

v0.2: 12-14-2012

    - Adding support for extra data fields.

v0.1: 11-27-2012

    - First release!
